---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/digital-garden-blog/daily-note/2025-05-11/","tags":["#dailynote"]}
---

### Tasks
Happy Mothers day everyone. 
Build my new Barbeque
Rethink my dock design. 
Find new legs for the Dock
## Ideas
Adults learn better by making themselves do uncomfortable things, or to work it better, they take themselves out of there comfort zone to learn quicker.
Explore the [[Fineman\|Fineman]] technique for [[Digital Garden Blog/Human Augmentation\|Learning]].
## Favorite Moments
Best moment today was being able to put a Barbeque together. The peace of working by myself and systematically use my hands to build something useful for my family. Although it is a kit that we bought from a retail store, the sense of accomplishment is wonderful even if it only matters to me.
## Journal

One of the hardest things to do is to reflect on how your day goes at the end of the day. You can sit there and list all of the things that you did in a journal, but the things that you accomplish are only your own goals and credits. It does not matter what other people think, it is only yourself that you have to impress.

As I get older, I find that people are only out for themselves. It gets harder and harder when people only focus on your faults or mistakes. The past is the past, you learn from being uncomfortable, which is what I try to do. 

Last week was my Birthday, I got a lot of "Happies" from Facebook, from a lot of old friends from my past. It made me feel good that I have been apart of these people's lives in a positive enough way that they took the time to wish me a Happy Birthday.

